##The Slums of Palo Alto <small>[^1]</small>

[^1]: _How to be ecstatically happy after ten failed startups_

The putting green on the balcony overlooked Santa Monica pier.  We were in the suite previously owned by Lawrence Welk, and could watch the taping of Bay Watch every Monday.  During the day it was incredibly beautiful… it was the first of a series of too beautiful to believe buildings that would affect my life.  At night it was a bit scary.  We were building a news palace for a Saudi Prince.  Saudi Princes have a lot of enemies, and when working at night in our beautiful offices it felt like all the enemies of our Prince were figuring out ways to get to me.  Rappel down from the balcony above?  Sneak past the security cameras protecting the elevator?  Apparently the prince was convinced by the Iraq war that CNN was a more reliable way to know what was going on around his country than other means, and he needed a palace of news to make sure he wasn’t about to be overthrown or worse.  I never saw the elevator pitch, but it could have been “Keep your neck with a palace of news”.

This was the first of many startups that I was to be a part of.  A total of ten startups.  To quickly get rid of any chance of romance… all of them failed.  A couple earned my family some amount of money, but those earnings were little more than a yearly bonus.  A couple cost me tens of thousands of dollars in lost wages.  And when I was at the helm: I managed to lose approximately one million dollars of my own and my friends money.  All of these startups played major havoc with my life and my health, with my wife and my children.  For a decade I felt that we could be evicted almost instantly: my wife and two daughters on the street at a moments notice.

But after venturing through a total of ten failed startups, I am amongst the happiest people you will ever meet.  I have an amazing family whom I totally love.  I can make amazing things happen for people who I love deeply or even barely know.  I am now “Neo” and having taken the red pill can now interact with the world in ways I could never imagine as a confident but shy teenager.  I don’t know why I am here, but I totally know _that_ I am here.  And if I am here, I am going to make things happen.  Amazing things.  For anyone and everyone.

My family and I rent a house in Palo Alto.  The cheaper part of Palo Alto, where lawns are unkempt and foreign investors buy a house and leave it vacant year round.  We are in the slums.  Not because our house is cheap.  It is worth approximately one point five million dollars.  If you live in Palo Alto you normally use single or two digit numbers to refer to house prices.  The million is implied.  But our house is very poorly made: it is cold and hot on those rare days that Palo Alto is either cold or hot.  We lose the phone and Internet connection on those rare days it rains in Palo Alto.  And what makes us truly in the slums: on any day we could be evicted for being unable to make the monthly payment of five thousand dollars. We are totally in the slums… it just happens that these slums are in the opulent heart of Silicon Valley.
